clarify that we use GA with ComEX/MPI (#33)
hpcanalytics/paper-hpc-py-parallel-mdanalysis: applications.tex

Overheads in \package{mpi4py} are small compared to C code if efficient raw memory buffers are used for communication \cite{Dalcin:2011aa}.

\subsection{Application of Global Arrays}
The \emph{Global Arrays} (GA) toolkit provides users with a language interface that allows them to distribute data while maintaining the type of global index space and programming syntax similar to what is available when programming on a single processor \cite{GA}. The Global Arrays toolkit allows manipulating physically distributed dense multi-dimensional arrays without explicitly defining communication and synchronization between processes.
Communication is configured by a runtime, which defaults to the \emph{Communication runtime for Extreme Scale} (ComEx) \cite{Daily:2014aa}.

> ComEx uses share memory for intra-node communication and we employed ComEx with MPI for inter-node communication.

Reviewer: "Shared memory"

Reviewer: I do not like this sentence that is added. What is the point? Are we doing this? No, we just employed GA4py and this stuff are already implemented in that. Anybody who is interested in more detail can read their paper. I do not think we are expected to add these details. This is not a computer science paper.

Reviewer 2: I think it should be there if it is what the GA version we used uses. I suggest to be written as

```suggestion
ComEx uses shared memory for intra-node communication. Inter-node communication employs ComEx with MPI.
```

Not being a Computer Engineering/Computer Science paper does not mean it should hide important information. Further up in the paper an argument is made that documentation is not sufficient because dependencies are not mentioned correctly. I wouldn't want to hide this kind of information if it is valid for the version of GA we used

Author: The question how GA performs its communication is something that we all have been asking when we saw the rather good results. We need to state that GA still uses MPI somewhere. I agree with your point https://github.com/hpcanalytics/paper-hpc-py-parallel-mdanalysis/issues/32#issuecomment-461602261 , 
> In MPI in order to get good performance sometimes, we need to have some considerations of the computer architecture and memory hierarchy. However, global array makes it easier for people who are not expert in CS (like MD community) but at the same time want to get good performance.

and it seems that GA does make good choices how it uses MPI. We should not leave this implicit, especially as they have a paper where they explain what they do in detail.

Reviewer: Alright, but ComEx is the communication library. I believe it is wrong to say that Communication is configured by a runtime. I do not understand the meaning of this sentence. @orbeckst What do you mean by this? Can you clarify?

Author: I agree that this is not a good sentence. The type of communication is _determined_ by the runtime environment. Is the following better?

> The underlying communication is determined by a runtime envronment, which defaults to the \emph{Communication runtime for Extreme Scale} (ComEx) \cite{Daily:2014aa}.
